docs: v2.0 content updates (#617)
regen-network/regen-ledger: docs/migrations/v2.0-upgrade.md

### In-Place Store Migrations

The upgrade to Regen Ledger v2.0 leverages a new feature introduced in Cosmos SDK v0.43 called ["In-Place Store Migrations"](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/core/upgrade.html). This new feature prevents the need for node operators to restart the chain using an updated genesis file. Regen Ledger includes a [`registerUpgradeHandlers()`](https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger/blob/v2.0.0/app/stable_appconfig.go#L52-L103) method that registers handlers for performing an upgrade's necessary state migrations in-place.

## Upgrade Guidelines

### Update Go

> Please update to the latest version of Go `1.17`. For more information, see [Go](https://golang.org/).

Author: ```suggestion
The latest version of Go (`1.17`) is required. For more information, see [Go](https://golang.org/).
```

### Option 1: Using Cosmovisor

> Please use **Cosmovisor v1.0 with the auto-download option disabled**. Node operators must prepare the upgrade binary in advance.

Author: ```suggestion
**Cosmovisor v1.0 with the auto-download option disabled** is required. Node operators must prepare the upgrade binary in advance.
```
